move common hardware attributes and metrics to registry (#1030)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/system/hardware-metrics.md

metrics in OpenTelemetry. Consider the [general metric semantic conventions](/docs/general/metrics.md#general-metric-semantic-conventions)
when creating instruments not explicitly defined in the specification.

This document is being converted to specific hardware metrics, parts of this document that have already been

> converted are now located in the [Hardware] (/docs/hardware/README.md) folder and are no longer present in this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
converted are now located in the [Common Hardware Metrics](/docs/hardware/common.md) folder and are no longer present in this file.
```

Author: This is not correct, it is about all hardware metrics and not only common

> Please note that this is an ongoing process and may take some time to complete.

Reviewer: do we have an issue that outlines what needs to happen? Can we add a todo comment here and add link to that issue?

Author: I have created a tracking issue for this https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/issues/1309

<!-- toc -->

> - [Common hardware attributes](#common-hardware-attributes)

Reviewer: it should still be relevant for other metrics defined in this document

Author: This file will be removed. I have deleted this portion only for visibility on what is moved out

Reviewer: In the meantime, while it is not removed, could you please add a link to the section in the new file so that someone looking at this file will know that there are some common attributes?

and therefore inherit its attributes, like `host.id` and `host.name`.

Additionally, all metrics in `hw.` instruments have the following attributes:

| Attribute Key | Description                                                                                                   | Example                             | Requirement Level |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| `id`          | An identifier for the hardware component, unique within the monitored host                                    | `win32battery_battery_testsysa33_1` | **Required**      |
| `name`        | An easily-recognizable name for the hardware component                                                        | `eth0`                              | Recommended       |
| `parent`      | Unique identifier of the parent component (typically the `id` attribute of the enclosure, or disk controller) | `dellStorage_perc_0`                | Recommended       |

## Metric Instruments

> ### `hw.` - Common hardware metrics

Reviewer: Can we keep HW metrics in the same file? 
If we're splitting them in 2, we should at least have cross-references and some explanation why they are different

/cc @open-telemetry/semconv-system-approvers

Author: Sorry, I don't understand your question? In which file?

Reviewer: Currently hardware metrics are spread across multiple files. I understand the intention to move all of them, but we should keep things consistent in the mean time.

Since you're removing some metrics from this file, please at least add a link to the new doc from this one.

Reviewer: Please add a link to the common metrics section of the new document, so people would see it among other metrics (and not just in the note above)

Author: Updated

> * SHOULD introduce a control mechanism to allow users to opt-in to the new
>   conventions once the migration plan is finalized.

> ## Common hardware attributes

Reviewer: could you please add link from this document to the common.md#common-attributes and mention that attributes are defined there. Attributes declared here  apply to all metrics in this file and with them removed, this file is not complete.

Author: Updated
